hey guys small here and today demise has
just released possible updates that will
go into effect for the future upcoming
patch for battlefield 3 and these are
not exactly you know official these are
just some suggestions and ideas that
demise has released for the community to
give their feedback upon so I'm just
gonna be reading off like a couple of
the patch notes that stood out to me
some things that stood out to me was
that there's gonna be a lot of reload
reduction for a lot of the weapons
including the Magnum def mas as well as
the change in 90 day and for as well
which I'm really happy about and as well
as the aek-971 that I can't wait for
because I think the main problem with
the AEK is this reload time for a weapon
that is more focused for close to
medium-range fights take it really has a
long reload time and I'm happy that
they're reducing it so of course there's
a lot of different weapons that there
are reload times will be reduced you
guys can go and check that out for
yourself and one thing I noticed was
that the AS VAL as well as the p90
reload times will be increased which I
don't know I'm not really too happy
about but again not a lot of people use
this so I'm guessing after this patch
even less people are gonna be using the
p90 in the ASL so for LMGs the belt-fed
machine guns are now going to be more
accurate when standing and firing while
aiming this includes the m240 Bravo m249
type 88 as well as they pitch neck and
for the ump45 it's a damage is going to
be reduced over a range of but they're
gonna increase the close-range damage
that it does that I'm really happy about
I'm really looking forward to using the
UMP because i think the ump45 is
probably one of my favorite CDW's to use
also the m1911 is minimal
damage has been increased and this is to
balance out the you know the damage that
in 1911 does compared to the Magnum
t-rex and the other heavy hitting
pistols now for the m93 re Africa it's
damaged as well as range has been
reduced but it also got a reduced recoil
now for the sg553 the mg36 as well as
aim for 16 their Rickles had been
reduced so they're going to be a much
more effective specifically for the
sg553 the horizontal recall has been
reduced for mg36 its vertical recoil has
been reduced and for the m416 the
vertical rico the horizontal recalled
and the first shot recall all have been
reduced to make you stand out from the
in 15 and i think that they're really
pushing for other people to start using
other cons other than n 16 and I think
the m416 just might be one of those
weapons that you should definitely try
out after the patch for the m16a3 its
recoil amounts have been slightly
increased and for the m4a1 the recoil
amount has been also slightly increased
for magnum now the magnum as you
remember from the last patch its fire
rate got an increase as well as it's a
damaged so for dispatch its rate of fire
has reduced so it acts like a you know
one hit cannon now for the g36 the
vertical as well as the first shot
recoil announced had been reduced making
that more effective gun for the
engineering class and Jeter's used to be
my favorite engineer weapon before we
got nerfed but i do agree that it needed
some recoil reduction so for the m5 k
they added like a burst fire option for
it and i don't know what to say about
that i mean i never used same 5k
I'm sure there are people who appreciate
this console and it might make it even
better now so another notable thing that
I read was that they're going to
slightly reduce the range bonus added by
the heavy barrel on the assault rifles
and instead they're going to reduce the
range penalty for the suppressor on
assault rifles carbines as well as LNG's
and they're also going to slightly
reduce the range penalty for the
suppressor on the scar-h I think they're
really pushing and making the suppressor
much more factor now and it's really
nice to see that because to be honest no
one runs suppressors now because the
suppressors got a huge nerf from the
previous batch and I'm glad that they're
bringing the suppressors back now also
the 40 millimeter lvg that came with the
close quarters DLC there its release for
maximum damage has been slightly
increased and this might actually make
me want to trade lvg again I remember
first time in lv gene gun master and it
was just awful i mean i got like three
hit markers on a guy i was extending
like five feet from my grenade that i
shot with the LBG and that was just that
was just bad I'm happy that it got a
little bit buff if you guys remember the
Augie 3 with influence smoke launcher it
had no projectile velocity at all so
they're going to fix that they said and
also for the scar l the heavy barrel not
increasing recall when zoomed and
standing there going to fix that as well
and seems like they're really looking
forward to changing a lot of the things
for vehicles as well for the helicopters
and specifically it says fixed
helicopter weapons being unable to
destroy equipment or splash damage if
you guys remember cell phones or
destroyable with helicopters even if you
had a chopper gunner shooting at it or
if you had the rocket parts of the
pilots shooting at this alpha mu just
could not destroy just what is chopper
alone and also they're going to be
increasing the damage that helicopter
and jet Rockets due to enemy helicopters
jets and infantry they're also
increasing the damage that helicopter
Gunners and I rvs due to enemy
helicopters and jets and they're also
going to be increased in the damage of a
guys vs. infantry as well and that's
pretty much it for the patch notes I
mean these are just ideas and
suggestions for the community to act
upon and get their voices heard upon
before they make it official so head on
over to a battle log or leaving the
leave a comment in this comment section
below let me know what you guys think
and what you guys would like to be
changed and again the link to the forms
will be included in the description go
check it out and yeah thanks for
watching guys and I'll see you guys on
the battlefield
you